A team has been established.
There's one of those Moroccan pricks. isn't there?
Is he in it too?
El Moussaoui?
He must die.
Why did you ask me to join you?
I need people
that I can trust.
You I can trust. right?
Are you Dalil's sister?
- Yes.
I have just learned
that he has been arrested
in connection with a burglary.
I want you to know
that if he is
convicted.
he's going to be locked up for a very long time
under lock and key.
Gift for the boss.
What were you doing there in that brothel?
I was on the trail of the Turk.
What was I supposed to do?
You just happened to smell from a distance
Smell that those Turks were sitting there?
Honey. nothing happened.
Oh. please.
So you want me to kill Romano...
- Kill Romano. He's in Düsseldorf.
Asshole...
Adil? What are you doing? Where are you going?
You have something that is mine.
- And you have something that is mine.
Those fucking Mexicans
who belong to him
And that Moroccan.
Let him rot here.
I want Zafer back
and I want a deal with Tia Alvarez.
Then we have an agreement.
That whore fucked everything up.
Those Turks are going to flip. brother.
Yes? Are those Turks going to flip. yes?
Where is Younes?
The bastard fled.
And that whore?
Do you even know what you did? Idiot.
Hello?
Do you know what you did?
- I sent that devil back
To where he came from.
I saved your life.
- What the fuck are you looking at? Shoot.
Okay.
Wait.
What happened in there?
He deserved every bullet.
- Between you and my husband.
What happened in that whorehouse?
Is he your husband?
I just let him
let him chill out a little bit.
In my opinion. he needed it.
Someone has to do it. right?
Samira. Samira.
Go dig a hole in the woods.
Throw her in. throw that Turk in.
What are you waiting for?
If I take Taxi. huh....
If you take Taxi? Then what?
Where's Taxi now?
And that detective. where is he now?
Why is he still alive?
Go.
Brother. What's the plan?
- The plan is that we are going to clean up Pope.
He's hiding in a villa.
cockroach that he is.
It's a 13 kilometer walk. Come.
What's wrong with the lock?
So. you've kept it
kept it nice and clean in here.
Yes. who pays. who decides. right?
Soufyan.
Levie.
Hello?
- Yes?
Where's the money?
- It's gone.
On?
- Yes. on.
We should have gone
gone to Ankara.
With what money?
I'm going to fix this.
- How?
It's that simple.
Now you.
You can do this much better.
Yes. but someone has to
get food.
You can't just walk down the street.
She's in her movie.
Don't be so paranoid.
How long will this take?
- Week. max.
Then we can go
wherever we want.
So put those fingers
to work for a while. yes?
I'll be right back.
Be careful. okay?
Yes.
Hey...
- Shut the fuck up. man.
Am I talking Russian or something?
What?
- How do you mean what?
We made a deal. right?
- Talk to me calmly. man.
Talk quietly?
If you're not going to bury this man.
I'll bury you and all your family
in the same cancer hole.
We have a problem. man.
We got a problem.
Come on. get up.
Come here. What is it?
Nothing going on.
- We have a problem.
What is it?
That buddy of yours. Taxi.
is that a good pal of yours?
And?
I just checked that server of the PGPs
just checked.
They are well encrypted though.
but I found some strange traces
in the metadata. See.
Okay. wait a minute.
What am I looking at?
The server first appeared to be located
in Ukraine.
Then suddenly he was in Lithuania.
And now he seems to be in Moldova.
But are they safe or not?
Younes. I curse your mother.
Hey. honey. how's it going over there?
Oh. good. Where's your sister?
Mom is...
Mom is busy for a while.
But take good care of Grandma
and Kaoutar. okay? I'm coming.
Okay. see you in a minute. honey. See you in a bit.
Three tickets to Montreal.
They are paid in cash.
No one can trace you. Here.
Toward the hotel?
No. Drive towards
the pig farm.
For that money.
Are you sure?
- Bro. I worked really hard for it.
Listen. if you don't want to go.
it's no problem.
You've done enough.
Bro. I've been working
for that money.
Plus. I'm not going to let you
go there.
Where is your little brother?
If you withdraw your testimony
And he stays away.
we are forced to prosecute you.
If I don't retract my testimony.
I'll be lying in a coffin.
just like all the others.
Who is that?
- Nobody.
No one?
- Return.
Do you just grab...
- Hey. sit.
Hajar El Koubakhi. you are under arrest
for willfully withholding
information regarding multiple crimes.
Take her to the station.
- Dirty bastard.
Go chill out for a while.
That's enough.
I'm going into town in a minute. yeah?
- It's okay.
Since when did you start
on cavemen?
What?
- Your lover.
Is just a sweet man. you know.
- Is he?
That's not
what they said on the news.
They just said
that he had very loose hands.
Before he escaped
from prison.
All bullshit.
- Do you believe it yourself?
He needs to get out of here.
He has nowhere else to go
and neither do I.
What have you done now?
- That's none of your business. right?
But if they find me.
they'll kill me. Do you understand that?
Bro. please go get that money.
- What?
Yes. I can't stand those animals.
Bro. you can come in with me. right?
- Can't.
I can't stand that smell.
Brother. come on. Please.
Bro. you took care of this. Go. go.
Hello?
- I called you 13 times.
Are you backtracking?
- Brother. I'm not backing down.
I'll write a search warrant and then
your children will go into foster care.
Relax. I told you
I'd deliver you Pope?
Watch where you walk.
Where is Taxi?
- He's in the car.
I told him to
to come inside.
What do you want me to do?
He says he can't stand the smell.
And I'm here enjoying myself?
For me. it's smelling good?
Douglas?
If you don't cooperate.
I can do nothing for you.
Are you deaf? I'm telling you that my children
have to be safe first.
I'll call you later.
That's him. That's him.
Wait until he gets to that door. then he can't
no way out. Then we'll catch him.
Yes. go. go. go.
Come on.
Stop. Police.
Put that gun down. Now. Now.
Got it.
We're going to have a little talk.
You work for Tonnano. right?
What are you doing?
- Where is he? Tell me where he is.
You're embarrassing your sister.
She's stuck because of you.
I only have his number.
Give your phone. now.
- I don't know where it is.
Hand over your phone.
Was that so hard?
Let's see. Tonnano.
Sorry. man.
Why?
It was you or me.
Sorry. cock.
Showing hands. showing hands.
Are you completely crazy?
Hey. brother. give me a cigarette.
Brother. lift me up.
Lift me up.
- Sure?
Sure.
- Warrior. bro.
Ready? Come.
Adil El H.
Has a life sentence
heard against him. According to the prosecution
there can be no doubt
that El H. is guilty of activities
in the underworld.
That he escaped in an extremely
violent act of liberation.
makes it extra clear to the OM
that El H. is the big player
in the underworld
which we hold him for.
But we will find him.
He will not escape his punishment.
An international arrest warrant has been
issued against him.
And the OM has offered a 100 000 euro reward
for the golden tip
which will lead to his...
Everything okay?
- Yeah. sure.
Are you going out?
- No. I'm sleeping at my mom's tonight.
Then you have some time
for yourselves.
I think it would be better if you stayed
stay here.
Shut up.
Listen up. bitch.
If you don't shut the fuck up.
you won't make it tomorrow.
Do you understand me?
Police.
Show your hands.
On the ground.
- Look out. firearm.
Weapon on the right.
- Firearm.
What are you guys doing?
Dirty rat.
Your blood colleague.
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Don't you?
This was in his inside pocket.
It was still on.
Was that so hard?
Let's see. Tonnano.
Sorry. man.
It was you or me.
Sorry. cock.
Okay. wait. wait.
I can give you everything.
You're definitely going to tell us all about it.
This is the voicemail of Meltem.
They touched me well.
You just have to move on.
- No. man.
Go.
I'm coming to get you. bro.
Wait.
Take this one.
Warrior.
Tia Alvarez?
Friend.
Maroc.
I left the last Mexican
let live for you.
Thanks. man.
So you're the asshole who's been causing us
so much trouble?
You came all the way from Michoacán
to orphan your children...
Ugly whore.
Thanks for putting me in that container.
I learned a lot about myself there.
Now I hope you also learn a lot
about yourself.
In your beautiful new suit.
You did a great job. man.
I'm done here.
Give the Turk what he deserves.
How do you get here?
Celine?
- Romano. they took me.
What?
- They took me.
Where is Elvira?
- She's not here.
They only took me.
Where is that cockroach?
That one's gone. That one's gone.
Coming along. Now.
Okay. where is Zafer?
Where is my husband?
Pencil. Yes. Pencil.
What is this?
He spit on my people. cursed....
We had to calm him down.
What now. Zafer?
Ugly son of a bitch.
I'm sorry that Zafer
didn't make it.
I wanted to tell you. but....
I thought there would be consequences...
- Cut the bullshit. man.
One day they'll get you too.
You don't know what you're doing.
Do you think this will stop if you finish me off?
My family will hunt you down.
wherever you go.
You are not safe anywhere.
Walkthrough.
And you? Do you think
we've forgotten about you?
I'm going to leave this one here too. man.
- It's none of your business.
I know. brother. But I can't
trust this man.
I also don't understand how you
ever trusted him.
I'm standing right here.
- Shut your cancerous mouth.
If you want to ask me something. if you
want to get rid of something or like that. I'm close by.
Do you have anything else to say?
What can I tell you?
Something to keep me from putting a bullet
through your head.
As if I could
out of your head.
If you were going to kill me.
you would have done it already.
Patron.
Listen. If Tatta had kept that Colombian
that Colombian in check...
I would have fixed
for you.
Then there would have been
no dead Turks lying around.
And then your sales market had gone
gone times 100.
I didn't mess that shit up.
You know if you send me to Germany
that I'm not going to sit on my hands
waiting for something to go wrong.
You know I trade.
That's what I do.
So what are you going to do?
Are we going to continue
where we left off?
Or will you let him put a bullet
through my head?
He's right.
Just take it with you.
Lock him up
and let him languish there.
What. where to?
- No one needs to know.
Just her.
Tonight now all contact goes through you.
And no one else.
Good.
Take it with you.
Samira?